Our code definitely works right now, but it's really messy at present.
Any time that we want to make a request inside of a initial prop function, we would have to set up
this if statement we would have to write out this really long URL and so on.
So I think that it would be worth our time to try to extract a lot of this logic into a separate helper
file that we can more easily use any time that we need to make a request from a git initial props function.
So here's my idea.
I think that we should build a separate file.
And inside there we're going to write out a helper function called Build Client.
This build client function is going to take some incoming request that has those headers on it that
we really care about.
Then inside that function, we're going to have some logic to try to build a preconfigured version of
Axios.
That's going to be preconfigured to work regardless of what environment we are on.
So the logic inside there is going to take a look at that incoming request.
It's going to take a look at whether it is in the browser or the server environment, and then it will
eventually return a version of Axios that has already been configured to work in either the browser
or the server for us.
So that's the idea.
So let's create a new file that's going to house this build client function.
Back inside my editor, I'm going to find the client directory.
I'll create a new folder inside there called API.
And then inside of that I'm going to make a new file called Build Client JS.
Inside of here at the very top, I'm going to import Axios from Axios.
I'll then do an export.
Default.
And I'm going to assume that the argument to this is going to be an object that's going to contain the
request that we care about.
I'm going to attempt to structure off the rec property from this incoming argument.
So then inside of here, we need to essentially do very similar to what we just did back inside of get
initial props.
We need to first decide what environment we are in.
So we will once again do a type of check on window.
I'll say if type of window is equal to the string undefined, then that must mean we are on the server.
Otherwise we must be on the browser.
So now in each of these cases, we're going to create an instance of Axios that is Pre-configured to
work in either the server or the browser.
To do so I'm going to write out return Axios dot create.
That's how we create a preconfigured version of Axios.
Once we return this thing, it will be like a normal Axios client, but it will have some base URL or
domain wired up to it, and we'll also have some headers wired up to it as well.
So if we are on the server then we want to set a base u you URL for this axios instance to use.
Notice that URL right here has capital URL.
Then inside there we'll specify that really long domain that we saw just a moment ago.
So in total it will be a http colon, slash slash ingress, engine x ingress and x SVC.
Cluster local.
Now please do double check your URL.
Obviously a very easy to make a typo in there.
We'll also set up some headers for this thing to use as well.
So we want to use these same headers that are inside of the incoming request.
So we'll put in rec dot headers.
Now if we are on the browser, well, let's create a separate instance of Axios for that.
So I'm going to do return Axios dot create.
And in this case we really don't need to set any particular base URL.
We will set it to a base URL of just forward slash like so.
And we do not need to include any headers because the browser is going to take care of all that stuff
for us.
To be honest with you, we barely even need to put the base URL inside of here.
We probably could just leave it off entirely.
Okay.
So that should be it.
So now any time that we want to get a copy of Axios to use, we will import build client.
We'll run this function and pass in some object that has the request on it.
So let's go back over to our landing page and try making use of this.
Back inside of index JRS.
Right here.
I'll go up to the very top.
I should not need the Axios for any more.
Instead I'm going to import build client from up one directory API build client.
Bend down inside of get initial props.
I should be able to delete everything inside there.
And I will replace it with.
Data is.
Build client.
I'm going to pass in an object that has the wreck property on it.
Now you'll notice that I am now essentially duplicating this thing.
I'm pulling just the rec property off and then I'm passing in wreck as an object.
So rather than trying to pull anything off here, we're just going to receive this entire first argument.
The first argument to this function we usually refer to as context.
So we can now just take that entire context thing and pass it directly through to build client.
Now, when we call Bill the client right here, remember, that's just going to give us our Axios instance.
We still have to actually make a request using it.
So I'm going to chain on a git and we'll make our actual request.
So I'm going to make my request to API.
Users.
Current user.
And because that is an async function, I'll make sure that I mark this entire thing as a weight.
And then finally we'll return data at the very bottom.
Okay, so that should be it.
A really quick I just want to flip back over, make sure everything looks good.
So I'm going to save this.
I'm going to flip back over to the browser and do a quick test.
I'll refresh.
It looks like in the browser it worked correctly.
And it looks like on the server it worked correctly as well.
Well, I'd say this is working out pretty well.
I would like to test one last thing.
I want to test where we do a soft transition to the page.
So I'm going to navigate over to sign up.
I'll put in a fake email, a fake password sign up.
Yep, that looks good as well.
Well, this is pretty good.
Now, one thing we might do, it's a little bit challenging to really understand what the awake keyword
does when we have some chain method calls like this.
So one thing you might do just to make this a little bit more legible, we might decide to define the
client ahead of time.
Using build client and then do a client target that would very easily improve the readability of this
and just make it a little bit more obvious what was going on.
So I'll save that as well.
And everything should still work as expected.
Okay.
So that's pretty much it.
So now moving forward, any time that we need to make a request from a get initial function, we're
going to first build our client and then use that to make our actual request.
Well, let's take a pause right here.
Now that we've got this all working and will continue in just a moment.